Peter Balogh | 00:00
How are you?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 00:03
Fine, and yourself?
Peter Balogh | 00:06
Good. Enjoying a quiet weekend night, really. And the girl, the girls are in Prague for the for a girly weekend, and I'm just with my son, so we have just a very quiet day.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 00:22
Okay, you're very productive. It's getting hard to follow this all while I still have seminars to run.
Peter Balogh | 00:30
No. But that's okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 00:32
That's good, that's not bad.
Peter Balogh | 00:32
That's okay. [Laughter] Okay, good.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 00:33
Please don't tell me that's not a criticism. That's very good. Yeah, the only thing is that you sent me a question list. I'm just trying to find this list again.
Peter Balogh | 00:44
No need. I can share my screen and we can go over this if it's okay, but you have to let it share, okay?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 00:48
Okay, good, very good.
Peter Balogh | 00:54
It let me know if you see it.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 01:00
I can't see it and I can't even read it.
Peter Balogh | 01:04
Super.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 01:05
Perfect.
Peter Balogh | 01:06
Yeah. So we had a... Actually, a very productive meeting Wednesday.
So I think it was pretty good. We have a couple of questions, and then I think we are more or less done with the concept, and we can go into a more delivery phase, delivering the documents and so on.
So the questions for you... There was a comment regarding the categories. So the categories that we agreed on was basically the age of the company, the maturity of the company. Right now, what they brought up, and I see some merit in it is that it's not really the age of the company, but the number of people who are working on this.
Right? That would make a project in a vague group or not. So their suggestion was to have some sort of a hybrid system where we are saying something about the project size and that can be based on the delivery budget, the team headcount, or the volume actually created or something like that.
So this is the question. We didn't agree on anything because we were thinking that your input would be really needed here. If this is something how we should categorize the projects... Or we can stick to the original version.
If this one gets too complicated, I...
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 02:58
Yeah, I would like to make one comment. One contractor can have 10-20 hundreds of projects. So it's not just that we are looking at one project, we are looking at the organization and how well they are doing that to the degree that we can assess it. Of course, if there are 100 projects, we have no idea whether all 100 customers will be happy. We will have to look at one or two maybe of them.
Of course, they can be highly selective and show us their happiest customers and not show us their unhappy customers and so on.
Peter Balogh | 03:28
Hey.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 03:38
There is nothing else we can do here. So I like the idea with headcount of the organization. I would say headcount involved in projects because you're not interested in the people and administration and the bookkeeping and so on.
Well, I'm actually involved with customer projects. They may have internal projects and we would not be interested in them as well. So the headcount in customer projects involved in customer projects would be a good solution. We would have to find a AA stage system here with not too many steps. I could, for example, imagine that we say we have one which is up to ten, which may even include freelancers. Whereas you have just one person. Then we may have a second one with up to 100.
Then everyone on top of that, because I wouldn't want... I would recommend it's your decision, but I would recommend not to have more than three groups.
Peter Balogh | 04:44
No, that's an agreement. We don't want the...
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 04:47
Yeah, that's an agreement, yes.
Peter Balogh | 04:49
That three groups is just how we formulate those three. Okay, so headcount in what?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 04:56
So I would say one to 10, 11 to 100, and 100 to indefinite. Exactly. Yes, I think that's a group we could have. In alternative to the age, there is a good argument to say that the age isn't really important. There's a good argument to say it is because we separate startups from mature companies.
So that's something the group could discuss. I wouldn't recommend two criteria. If you have two sets of numbers here, one with the age and one with the headcount, it gets very confusing.
Peter Balogh | 05:39
Okay, no, exactly. We had a similar discussion that this needs to be super easy to decide.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 05:51
Ye.
Peter Balogh | 05:56
Okay, good, okay, I will take this back to the team. I think we will go then with this headcount idea.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 06:05
Okay, I'm happy with that too. Yeah.
Peter Balogh | 06:07
So because then that. That's a common ground. Okay, good then ne.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 06:14
Delivery budget is something which would go very much into possibly secret things, private things between customers and contractors.
If you have a fixed price project, normally you don't want people to know what value is. Both sides don't want it. Customers and contractors. So, budget or price or... I think it is a dangerous thing.
Headcount is okay with me, age is still okay with me, and I would not do something hybrid.
Peter Balogh | 06:47
Okay, I think next meeting we will decide. This is the verdict we will have three categories, that's for sure.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 06:56
Yes, I excuse me, we could think of slightly larger numbers.
Peter Balogh | 06:56
That's just a okay, good. Next. Yes.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 07:07
One to 50, 51 to 501. You can just discuss it with them. Yeah, maybe the group with one to ten is getting too small there.
Yeah, and maybe a company that has 2,000 people involved will say 101 is nothing. Yeah, so maybe with some larger numbers, 51 to 500, maybe.
Peter Balogh | 07:37
500 is a lot. 500 is even two companies, so... Okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 07:46
Yeah, 51 to 100 is a very small group, I think. Then make it one to 20 so that it looks a bit systematic, yeah?
Peter Balogh | 07:55
25.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 07:58
Or 25-26, yeah, so that it looks serious somehow. Yeah.
Peter Balogh | 08:03
Yeah, I know, I you know what? I think we should do some I will do some research. I will ask a I but you know.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 08:13
I think we should just try it out following our rationality and then observe what happens. Maybe we see that one group gets very small, another one gets very big, and then I hope that you repeat that.
Peter Balogh | 08:26
And then be villages.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 08:28
Then we can adjust that later. Exactly.
Peter Balogh | 08:30
Okay, good. Understood. So the next thing we were writing in the concept that the top three performers, right, will do a presentation to us and we will record that presentation and we will either...
So we keep the right to actually publish this in some shape or form, right? So the question from the team was, where will this be actually published? And yes, exactly.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 09:18
I would. Yeah.
Peter Balogh | 09:19
And do we need a disclaimer, for this upfront or not? So.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 09:26
I think you answered this already, this question, first of all, because you said that you're set going to set up an own website, a WIS site I don't know about WIS, so. No, I like the idea. I like the idea very much that you have a web that you have a website where you can work on.
Yeah, whereas you don't have to tell me. Hey, Oliver, do this, do that, and I do that and say, that's not what we meant. We went it differently and so on. And that makes things very complicated.
Peter Balogh | 09:52
Okay, so the WIS site is this one.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 09:54
I think the easiest thing is always to have an own website to know how to do it.
We have to... If it costs money, then... Tell me then, we'll find a way to fund that. That's another question, but if you want to do it on your website, then that's okay with me. I'll try to find out if I can make someone in WordPress an admin for a specific folder, group of pages, and so on. I couldn't find one. What I found is that when I make you an admin, you're an admin of everything.
Yeah. But I cannot limit this to specific pages. As far as I've seen it so far, yeah. So, that's the alternative, but still, we use the website of the Project Business Foundation. But if I cannot give you specific access to that, and if you don't know how to use it, then I have to get familiar with that. Then it may be easier that you use your website.
Peter Balogh | 11:04
I can show you this one to you. It's...
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 11:11
Is this more of a website or is this more for shopping? Or for shopping solutions?
Peter Balogh | 11:16
This is something I created at the beginning of the year when I was thinking that I would do trainings with the group.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 11:21
Okay. Looks very good here.
Peter Balogh | 11:30
So this is what it looks like right now.
We are advertising here, AI strategy, PM, setup, PPM, and so on. So this is the website right now. I can open a new section of this and do it just for the contractor of the year of art. The only thing is that I cannot change the URL, so it will be under this... That space.
If we want a new URL for that, then that's going to cost money. So I could do...
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 12:18
And make it very simple.
Peter Balogh | 12:19
Is not...
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 12:20
Make it very simple. If the team agrees, then we simply promote the whole thing as a cooperation of the ITDD ITTD dot space and the project business foundation.
Peter Balogh | 12:30
Okay. Yes.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 12:35
That's very simple. We turn it into a corporation, and then we can have your website or your part of the website in that your pages, and I can then take over a lot from that and build it into the project business foundation website or just linked to it but probably end and link to your site as well.
Peter Balogh | 12:45
Yeah, okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 12:58
Back, of course. Yeah. So we can use just both of them. No problem. From my side.
Peter Balogh | 13:04
So just for your information, I don't think I'm going to do all these trainings and things, right? So if we do that, then I will need to reorganize this, right?
So I will get into it to reorganize myself exactly what I want to do because I think I'm going to more towards AI governance and PMO so I will leave the rest behind because it's too much, and then I will create a section to this award.
So the reason... One is familiarity. So I'm familiar with this. So that's okay. The second one is we did take a look at a number of systems. We don't have to go through it, but Layla went through the actual system that PMMI is using now. That would cost us $2,500 per year if we were to do that.
I think that's a little bit too much.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 14:09
Yes.
Peter Balogh | 14:09
And we went through other possibilities like appsheet and this jot form and tragic fiy and so on. And all of them would keep the URL right? So it would be a foreign URL anyways.
Plus, there are all sorts of constraints, like, for example, only a hundred submission and that's it.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 14:28
Yes.
Peter Balogh | 14:35
Or similar things. So what we decided is that we need to utilize either Wix or the...
And then let's try it. So I did a... What is it? This evaluation rights, I asked the AI that this is our problem. These are the two systems. The AI said pretty much that it's almost equivalent.
They can do all of them, and they can do everything that we need. So you can see that for WordPress, everything is green. The only thing is this dashboard creation, which is okay, we can create it, but otherwise, it was pretty much equal.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 15:38
Another... Sorry, we have another option. The option would be that I have an account in Selly Monkey. We can use Selly Monkey to collect all the data, and processing all the data is, I think, simple.
That's not a big thing. Yeah, I would have no difficulty to do this in Google Sheets or in Excel maybe Google Sheets is better even.
Peter Balogh | 16:16
Okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 16:17
So I think we can just use an existing platform that I'm paying for anyway.
I had originally planned to end my contract with them. I used it for surveys over many years and I kept the data there.
So if someone asked. Hey, Oliver, are the data real? And is this real people are answering real questions or did you temper them, did you change something then with them then I could send them to the original data material in yes, that's important, but no one asks for that.
Peter Balogh | 16:48
No, that is important.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 16:52
Yeah, when I have my surveys out, no one asked. Hey, Oliver, can I have the original data? And to some degree, I would at anyway, be a bit careful because some of them have private data there as well.
Like I talk about, income comparison, internal projects versus customer projects. But we can use it here simply. What we simply can do is that we say we set up a questionnaire here. That's something the team would decide upon.
And then either I would give one of you the access to that. It's very expensive if we have a second person as a team on Servimonkey.
Peter Balogh | 17:28
Two. Okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 17:31
But I would just give someone access for a short period of time. Maybe I would give someone access, or I do it for you or with you.
So we will just work in here and build this together, and it will still, of course, have the link to Servimonkey.
Peter Balogh | 17:40
Two.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 17:46
I think Servimonkey is a good name. Yeah, Google talks. So Google Forms is not such a good name.
But SMKE is signals, professionalism, and it's a very professional platform, and we can do more or less everything that we want to do on that platform, collect the data, and then ask ourselves how we are going to do that. Yes, I keep it at the moment because this is where I do the exams. I found that it's one of the cheapest platforms to do exams.
If you have special exam platforms, they are there. You have less freedom of what you're going to do. They are more expensive, and a service monkey even has the highest safety standard. Yeah, so as far as you can go with an online exam.
So, I would simply say the easiest way is to use the existing platform we have. It is already paid anyway. Yeah, so what we can do is just send people to service monkey and say, "Please, if you want to add some information on a contractor, please put it in and then we can easily process it either on the platform or..." What I find most of the time much more satisfying is to really simply download it as it is and then go on that with Excel.
Because Excel gives me this... It has this huge power and this huge flexibility to give me all the information I can take out. When I use the functions of service monkey, I'm always limited to their functionality.
Yeah, so that's probably my recommendation.
Peter Balogh | 19:23
Okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 19:26
Just do it over service monkey until we find it doesn't work. Then we save the money. It's already paid. I paid anyway.
Peter Balogh | 19:33
Yeah, I mean Wix is already paid, so that's already paid.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 19:38
Okay, yes, no, absolutelyut.
Peter Balogh | 19:41
I have it for years and years now, so it's paid. Let me look into the Wix because I should do anyway my part.
Then, if it's easy, we can take that. If it's not easy, then we go back to service monkey. Okay, fine.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 20:00
Yeah, what we could even do what we could even do in HTML that we open the survey monkey form inside our pages.
Peter Balogh | 20:00
I th I think the plat.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 20:10
Yeah, that we have a frame and then put it in the frame so we could even place it inside the, in inside our pages.
Peter Balogh | 20:11
I...
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 20:21
And we can even do it on both sides. So. I think that's the easiest part. Then...
Peter Balogh | 20:26
Okay, good, I think that's okay. The platform, I think at least from my side, I think it's then closed. Next, so we discussed the publication. Okay, so we will publish it on whatever this site is and the project business forum site, right? PBF site, right?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 21:00
Foundation look for...
Peter Balogh | 21:00
Okay, yes, project business foundation. Yes. Good, so...
Okay, and then yes, okay then regarding the submission package of what we are expecting from them, right, we had a discussion, right of what is conceivable that they could share or they would share, they would be willing to share, right?
So originally I wrote payment schedule and the cost burden down our cash flow. So the team raised... I think it's valid that this type of financial data, especially on the profit margin side, they will not give us figures right.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 22:07
No. I see no chance to get any data on that.
Peter Balogh | 22:12
So what we were discussing is we should split so we should still get some data around this, but we should simplify this to something like a flag, right?
So, we are on target. Above target. Above expected or below expected even that is too much. Do you think?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 22:38
Too much already.
Peter Balogh | 22:38
Okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 22:39
Actually, it doesn't really matter. Yeah, no, you don't want companies you don't want contractor companies to publicly state how they make money, that they make money above or below target and so on.
Yeah, you don't want them to publicly state. Yeah, we saved a lot of cost in our projects, and then customers say, "Hey, hang on, it's our projects." Maybe a fixed price project. Yeah, so they made more money than originally expected and they didn't share it with us, or...
Peter Balogh | 23:06
Yeah.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 23:10
So. This is something that would immediately run them into conflicts. Yeah, yes, what we could do is what we could do is that we have a point, and I think that's a good point.
Peter Balogh | 23:16
Yes. That's why we were raising it.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 23:26
On, people development that we ask the people who they have how much are they doing to develop them further generally could be technical, could be organizational, could be commercial.
Yeah. That we ask and this could be a kind of percentage or something or. I think that's the best way, because if you say, if you ask the employees, are you happy with that? It gets very subjective. Yeah. Someone who had over years a lot of support in learning will consider it normal. Someone who never had that will consider that exceptional.
Yeah, so, this is dangerous, but what we could say is in three groups.
Peter Balogh | 24:13
No.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 24:18
Again, yeah, there is no money invested in staff development. There is less than 10% of the net income. Yeah, of the profit invested in people. Or maybe ten is already too much. Less than 5%, more than five percent, yeah. In steps, yeah, could be three steps, yeah.
So that's what that would be a good metric, and it's a metric that is linked with the performance of the company with the performance where they benefit from. I think fifty is too much. I would say zero up to five, and over 05:10 is already too much.
If you look how much money they are... They have to make... Five plus exactly. Yeah, I think that's reasonable. If they all say we have five plus, then that's fine, but we don't have a problem with that. Most companies don't do anything or they do something here and there.
Yeah, I think that's a valid metric here.
Peter Balogh | 25:37
Okay, yes, okay, great, okay, this was... Okay, I think your answer is perfect.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 25:37
It's for the benefit if they do it well, for the benefit of the customer and the contractor.
Peter Balogh | 25:51
The problem is solved then, and I agree with that, introduction of people development.
I think that's good. Okay, client do for.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 26:03
Yeah.
Peter Balogh | 26:03
Yeah.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 26:12
I think that's a very important thing that you and the team create the criteria for the performance measurement. Even measurement is not only right for the performance assessment.
Peter Balogh | 26:24
No buddhistm.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 26:26
Yeah. Seven up to seven criteria. Because the questions on the survey will be developed out of these criteria. As soon as we have the criteria, we can ask them.
Peter Balogh | 26:40
No, here the question is wrong. So, the really the question is that we have the client assessment form. Would you mind if we would create an Excel version with the, you know, and then.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 26:59
Absolutely. No.
Peter Balogh | 27:01
Yeah.
Okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 27:02
Please create it. Yeah.
Peter Balogh | 27:03
I was using the AI-generated summary and I just copy-pasted it without looking at what this thing was saying. But yes, we can create the Excel and distribute it.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 27:17
Of course.
Peter Balogh | 27:22
This is the key question here, right?
So and then we basically give it to those guys and that's okay, so this is just a... Yeah, right, so this is just a confirmation that's fine.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 27:31
Yes, that's a key question.
Peter Balogh | 27:43
Okay, yes, retention and deletion. Right, so this is back to maybe platform question as well.
What you do for the survey monkey, you need to have that data for a longer period of time. How long do you think we will need to keep this data? So I was thinking at least at the minimum of one year.
But maybe it would make sense to keep it more than one year.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 28:14
When just sounds good to me. Actually, I still have all my old survey data on SurveyMonkey. If someone comes to me and I say, "Eli, you did a survey five years ago, do you still have the response data?" I could give them all and it's not a problem.
Peter Balogh | 28:37
Yes, but legally, we have to say that we... So we will have to say in our GDPR or whatever data sheet, how long do we retain that data?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 28:50
Exactly. Attain the day data.
Peter Balogh | 28:54
After that. So during that window, if they ask us to delete it, we can say no, we already told you we will keep that.
But after that window, if they ask us to delete their data, we have to do that.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 29:08
Anywayed.
Peter Balogh | 29:08
Or we. We delete the whole thing anyway. One a year is fine. One a year is fine.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 29:12
The problem.
Peter Balogh | 29:12
Okay?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 29:13
The problem is, we are not going to save that many personal data. Most data will be on companies, and I don't think that this is valid for corporate data.
I think this is just for personal data. Yeah, so, I would say I would... But a year is fine with me. Six months would be fine with me. Because if someone is interested in the information inside six months, they can ask us, and if someone comes later, they do not have to necessarily expect that we still have the original data.
Peter Balogh | 29:53
Yes. Yes. So you were not on the meeting eventually. So we discussed this quite thoroughly. Of what type of data we are going together. I don't know if I if we already documented this or not, but basically we will have personal data and company data and GDPR applies only to personal data and we will have to ask the nominees to not disclose personal data in their, you know, in the submission package, right?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 30:17
Okay, good. Exactly. That's what I'm meant.
Peter Balogh | 30:39
Or try to minimize the personal data and use roles, right?
So project manager and not John Smith, right? So on. So this is one of the things that we discussed. So I think we're good. So everybody knows this data stuff pretty well, so that's good. Okay, platform we already discussed.
Then the last question was a generic feedback option. So the team raised that. Obviously, we will have a communication with the nominees, but do we want to have a generic feedback option like an email address or something advertised?
If so, how so? This is actually a question from myself. Can we have a specific email address for this somehow? Or an open text field in a form?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 31:41
We can, but the easier way would be to have just an open text field. We have our questions, and then we say, if you want to tell us something, please put it in here.
Peter Balogh | 31:48
And. Okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 31:54
This is always the easiest way. They are inside the same framework inside the same platform. As soon as you have an email address or...
So say there they go. Have to go out and use another tool and another platform and for people the easiest thing is always just to have a free text field and fill this in and it has the benefit it comes together with the other data.
Peter Balogh | 32:16
Okay, I think...
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 32:21
So this is one of the things that I typically have. The other thing is that voluntarily, absolutely voluntarily, have a field for email address. So I tell people, if you want to be among the first to receive the results, put your email address in here. I never used it, by the way, for marketing. These email addresses would be a no-go for me to use them for marketing. This is really just for... I want to know that, and I want to know it before others know it. I want to be among the first to know that, and it's 50% more than 50% who want that, strangely enough.
Peter Balogh | 32:58
No.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 33:01
So this is something I would have here. So it's an open text field. Yeah, and actually I wouldn't put it into Wix, I would put it into SurveyMonkey, this is in the survey.
Peter Balogh | 33:11
Which? Whichever. Okay. Sorry.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 33:16
Monkey. This is. In. Our in our form.
Peter Balogh | 33:20
Okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 33:21
Yeah, in the seven monkey form to have the pre-text field and to have the email field voluntarily. They don't have to answer that. Yeah, but to give them the option. This has shown to me, it has proven to me very helpful.
If you look at the project business foundation where I have the under research, the survey results at the end, I put in these pre-texts, and they add a lot of depth to the question, to the survey.
Peter Balogh | 33:48
Three.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 33:54
The survey asks predefined questions, and they can answer yes or no or a scale, from minus three to plus three, or things like that.
Then with this field, they are just free to say what they want to say. This is something I publish again, and it adds depth. It adds a lot of depth. Yeah. So that would be my recommendation. We go maybe together, as soon as you have the criteria done, that you develop the survey questions based on that, and then we add them.
Maybe the two of us again, with Zoom. We add them in a SurveyMonkey survey and use this tool. It's very powerful and can really do a lot. Very mature.
Peter Balogh | 34:46
Okay, so the question here was not for the actual submission form, but for people who have already submitted. But let's say they didn't get into the first three, right?
And can they still... Or should they still send us some information? So the team was actually thinking more on our web page or website, we would have an open form and say, "Okay, if you were a nominee and if you applied..."
But we said, "You're not in the top three." So we are not continuing with your nomination. But please give us your input anyway, so we can put another survey around this and then send it to them or something like that.
Okay?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 35:40
Yes, you are the first survey.
Peter Balogh | 35:41
That's okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 35:42
Actually, you're right. The first I didn't think about that. The first survey should be the nomination. Yeah.
Peter Balogh | 35:48
Yes.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 35:48
We have the way that people can nominate a company.
Yeah. That we should make... Of course, send some... Something to the company and tell them there is a second survey.
Peter Balogh | 35:59
Two?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 36:04
We asked them to send their customers to the second survey.
Peter Balogh | 36:08
Yes.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 36:10
So, maybe there's one in between where we ask them for information about them.
Peter Balogh | 36:14
[Laughter] So.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 36:16
Actually, there should be three. The first one is the nomination, the second one is the first of all expression of interest, of course, yeah, that they want to participate in that and that they give us some information about themselves. These things such as, how big is the company?
Yeah, this number of people or... So it should all be very short here at this point in time, very quick. That they can answer that in one or two minutes and then they are already done. Yeah. Then the next thing would be that we asked those who say yes, we want to take part in that we asked them to send as many clients as possible to our form so that we can collect the information on them.
Peter Balogh | 36:58
Yes. So this is the work that we have started and I think this is the work where we are in the middle of... It is basically to have this kind of a process map. What are the key processes for which roles?
Right? So there is a big process map here. This is really a big document, but only because we identified... Okay, then what are the sub-processes like the submission and intake? This is what you just mentioned, right?
Then we try to list, okay, what does this mean? Then okay, initial validation, then what does this mean? How will we do the assessment? Yeah. I really don't want to go through this. The panel presentation and so on.
So I think this is actually mapping out and thinking through.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 37:57
He.
Peter Balogh | 38:02
But you just started as well, right? So how many forms do we need to send, what does that actually need to be and so on? So I think this is partially done, I would say, right? They're definitely not full, but partially done.
But this is where we would like to capture all these things, right? So submission, intake, stage one, shortlisting, stage two, decision and award and publication. So this is the short version of it. Then there is a big version of it, right?
Then some quality gates handoffs and so on.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 38:46
Just when you don't know it, I hate the word quality gates.
Peter Balogh | 38:51
You already told me like, I hate the word.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 38:53
I told you, actually, I don't hate it with gates, but I use it where it belongs.
Peter Balogh | 38:57
I hate the word gates. Anyway. II would.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 39:03
Yeah, to Gates. The quality gate is not a gate. It's not an interruption of the work, but it's not a problem for today.
Peter Balogh | 39:06
Yes.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 39:09
One more thing I just noticed. One important thing is in the information we get from these candidates for the contractor of the year. One thing we need is a contact person.
That's an important thing that we have a point of contact, one contact person. Otherwise, we get lost when we ask questions or... I don't know. We need a contact person here who is doing this on their side for us, and I think we should give them a contact person on our side.
Peter Balogh | 39:45
This is actually here. So the other thing that we did is based on the processes from the previous one.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 39:55
Yes.
Peter Balogh | 39:56
Right, so what are the roles that we will need to fulfill within the team, right?
So we came up with a couple, like intake, lead assessor, moderator, judging panel, facility, and I think I have seen somewhere here the contact person as well. Maybe that was another version. Anyway, I will make a note.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 40:30
We don't have to exaggerate here. It looks a bit like too many roads to me. Sorry, I would recommend...
Peter Balogh | 40:36
No. No. Is. We discussed that we will cut this. I just didn't do the we discussed that it is too much and we will cut this.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 40:40
Yeah, okay, good. Yes, we must always remember that we have to make it for these people involved, for the candidates and for their customers.
Peter Balogh | 40:47
I just haven't done it.
It's weekend.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 40:57
We have to make it as easy as possible for them and we have to avoid everything where someone there could say, "No, we are not going to do that."
Yeah, exactly.
Peter Balogh | 41:08
Yeah, yes, okay, super. Yes, I think that's it.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 41:10
Our own contact people, we should give them a contact person on our side. So when we have their contact person, they have a contact person on our side so that they know if they have a question, if they have a problem, a concern, or whatever it is, that they know whom to contact on our side.
That's the gatekeepers on both sides, right?
Peter Balogh | 41:44
So I think yes, we are progressing. Meanwhile, I have another question. This occurred to me after the call, but I think this is valid. A logo.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 42:03
That's a point. That's a very good point. Do we have someone on the team who loves making logos, who's better than anyone of us?
Peter Balogh | 42:06
[Laughter] Soilla tried to create one with AI, and we were having fun about it.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 42:12
Better than me and better than anyone else here.
Peter Balogh | 42:24
No, we were having fun about it.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 42:25
Cannot do that, then.
Peter Balogh | 42:26
It was really funny, but. No.
But since we will start with the platform. And since we will start with the with, you know, slowly putting together the forms and so on, I think we will need to have a logo or something visual to represent this.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 42:48
Yes, absolutely.
Peter Balogh | 42:54
Now, since this is your brand, and I have seen the logo for the PBP as well. I wanted to ask how you did that. Can we ask the same person or the same...? We need the same style. Okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 43:10
What you don't know is before I was a trainer for project management at years when this was really a very exotic topic and a very rare topic at that time. I trained graphic artists. Lay artists.
Yeah, people writing documentations, and I trained them in the art and in the software used for that: Photoshop, Illustrator, CorelDraw by that time, all these things. So I'm not that bad at that, but I see a danger that I get too lost in my own style.
Yeah, it all represents the same style. So the idea of bringing a new style in is a good one. I just recently got a contact from someone on LinkedIn who wants to help me with that, and actually I could ask this person whether they would be interested. They gave me a new version of the PBP.
I think it was the PP, and they gave me a new version of the certificate.
Peter Balogh | 44:14
Six?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 44:21
Yeah, and it was very nice. I must really say that. Okay, when you develop something further, it always gets better. Yeah, if I would make a redevelopment of my material, it would probably look better than the original material.
Peter Balogh | 44:30
Yeah.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 44:36
Yeah, so, but I could ask them if they would be prepared as volunteers, of course, as volunteers to support this project on the side of the visuals and a certificate.
Peter Balogh | 44:52
That would be brilliant, but...
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 44:54
There should be a certificate there.
Yeah, whether they would be prepared to support that.
Peter Balogh | 44:56
Yeah.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 45:00
I like the side. Now that I'm talking about that, I like this idea very much. Let me find this person again.
Peter Balogh | 45:07
Please.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 45:08
I should have come back to this person for a long time.
Yeah. It's one of those things where you think, "Hey, this is so good what they are doing." They have a platform where we could put the certificate on the PBP certificate so get more automated. At the moment, there's a lot of manual work in that, and a, it takes a lot of time, and b, you make mistakes.
Yeah, so I like this idea very much. And, I will have to find this person again, but I will. Then I will ask him, "Would you be interested in using your skills?" He is a BP I, if my memory is correct. He's a BP certified, so it would suit quite well. He wants to do something here. He wants to support us, and this would be a nice starting point.
Peter Balogh | 46:05
Ian. It would be really nice, because we will start to put together the survey, the web page, the something, and.
Yeah, okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 46:15
Well, and if he is doing things better than me, I buy by profession, not an artist.
Peter Balogh | 46:15
So, [Laughter].
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 46:21
I'm a tech. No, it's absolutely clear. So, yeah, let me find this guy and ask him, and maybe that's a good solution here.
Yeah, to use these pros, it's a company in India, a professional company.
Peter Balogh | 46:33
Okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 46:39
Yeah, so... It makes it very international again. That's something I always like. I hate it to be limited to German in all these things.
I'll do that.
Peter Balogh | 46:52
Just go OOPs, I mean, it's not urgent.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 46:52
I will. I will come back with information on that. I would say latest by Tuesday I think.
Peter Balogh | 47:01
So now that I know that we will have a solution, so whenever we would use the logo...
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 47:01
Yes.
Peter Balogh | 47:08
I can just use a placeholder, right? I will not. Think about it.
And, you know, just give them my contact. If they need anything more, they will get they can get access to everything that we discussed and so on. So. And I'm happy to brief them to give them enough information to be able to do this type of work.
So it would be brilliant, I think. I think if we have a very nice visual.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 47:42
I got him, yeah, I found him just very good. Ali Bashi Di Bashi, yeah, and he recommends to put the certificate on the certifier.
Peter Balogh | 47:42
A very nice logo. It will be good. Okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 47:54
This is similar to... Cradley? Yeah. Cradley. It's a... I think a less costly version.
The thing I have to do is to set up an account and maybe they do it there for me. Yeah, I'll just open it for them to do it. The problem is always with these things, you have the first two or three hundred certificates for free, and then it gets quite expensive, and we are far beyond that already.
Yeah. So, it will be some money to invest. On the other hand, I think if it is a good offer, then it's well-invested money. Yeah. Right. So I'll pick this up and maybe the easiest thing is to really meet him. We never had a Zoom call or so.
Yeah, hi, Ali.
Peter Balogh | 48:47
Happy to.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 48:47
What about a Zoom call soon? I am sure he will be happy to see that. So... Then I'll talk with him about that. Yeah. It's not something I want to do in writing, it's something I want to do in a conversation.
Yeah.
Peter Balogh | 49:07
Super. We can't do that.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 49:08
Any more from your side, any open questions?
Peter Balogh | 49:11
No, that's enough. Wasn' enough. [Laughter].
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 49:14
Good. I see you're working. Yeah, you're progressing very well, and it's so interesting to see that and to see your questions especially. Yeah, and again whenever you have a question, just call me and we can have these Zoom calls quite quickly. Lee, I have one more class next week. I hope you will join us. I saw you will come later. Come in later because you have, another meeting.
Yeah, with a group with a next.
Peter Balogh | 49:42
I'm sorry. What do I do next week?
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 49:45
Next week is our PBP evening at half past five.
Peter Balogh | 49:45
I...
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 49:50
Wasn't it you who told me that he was you? Wasn't it someone was it I think it was it someone else someone told me he cannot attend the whole time.
Peter Balogh | 49:55
No, I don't have anything in my calendar. What did I...? Maybe I promised something and then I... This is retaking the PBP.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 50:13
No, it wasn't, obviously. So yes, exactly. I'm not retaking. I was asked by a student, and I like this question very much. I was asked by a student, Oliver. It was so interesting, the two days and the exam in everything, but somehow reality creeps in day by day. Work creeps in, and you're losing so much. Can I do it again?
Yeah, and I said, of course you can, without having to take the seminar as the exam again, just as a reminder, as a repetition. Yeah, it's not a renewal, yeah, it's just a warming reminder. So I said I think this is a very good idea because my idea in the end is not certification. Certification is a vehicle.
Yeah. My idea is to have people out there who know about project business and who know what it is and what it does and so on. Yeah, and to get people in. At the moment, we are not at the top level of experts or so still, we have some good people there, but the very big fish...
Yeah, Thomas Valentas and these people, they are still missing here. But my hope is that the more people we have here, the more the big fish will come in. And the more they will come in, they will bring other people with them.
Yeah. So the idea really is just to move it forward. But one thing I'm a bit afraid of is that we have people certified and qualified, and then they go out on the market to take up a job and do a bad job because they forgot everything.
That's why I like this idea that someone who is certified can join this seminar again and maybe again. So that things don't get lost. I know it from my own experience when I was much younger and I attended a seminar. How often have I lost a lot of the seminar contents after some weeks already?
Because in daily work, I even had the opportunities to apply it. But you don't have the time, you don't have the energy. You don't have the courage to try something new which you just learned, so...
That's the idea why I said yes, this is open for you. Please try it. Yeah, and the next class, I think there will be three or four attendees who were previously already in the PBP class and are already certified.
Yeah, and that's the idea behind it. Yeah, that's the idea. I'm more afraid of people forgetting than people coming back.
Peter Balogh | 53:03
No, and now I see your email right, from the second to the fifth.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 53:14
Exactly.
Peter Balogh | 53:15
But I do not have the time to attend.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 53:18
If you don't have... It's just an offer.
Peter Balogh | 53:19
I'm sorry. [Laughter] Yeah.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 53:21
It's just an offer, nothing else. It's just an offer to tell people if you feel you should see this again. Yeah. Feel free to come back.
Peter Balogh | 53:29
No, but this is actually a super idea.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 53:31
Again.
That's all.
Peter Balogh | 53:37
This is actually a super idea that you allow already certified people to go again.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 53:46
Six.
Peter Balogh | 53:48
I've never seen this in any previous ones, but this should. This is a very good practice, I think, because if you have people who already did it, they can talk to the newcomers as well. So that's actually really good.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 54:06
Yes.
Peter Balogh | 54:06
I tell you what I do when I tend to forget things from PBP even...
I have set up a chat bot with the PVP documentation, and I'm asking the particular questions because I forgot the differences between the legal systems and so on.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 54:24
Yes.
Peter Balogh | 54:33
That's pretty cool. No, I really appreciate it, but I won't have time next week.
I think the whole December is going to be pretty busy. Yeah, okay.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 54:50
You see, we have it once a month now and there'll be... I did two more. A customer asked me if we could have a German session or two German sessions. So actually, I want one German session, but they asked me for two dates for that, so I put them both online.
Maybe these split people, these will probably be much smaller classes, but at least once a month there is a class. Sometimes two times a month. So this is something that you can do later if you like.
Again, my idea is not so much just to have the 333 letters and maybe get some income. That's all important, of course, but the most important thing is to know that there are people out there who are well qualified and to grow the number of these people relatively fast.
Yeah, and then to make sure that they don't give a bad name to the certification and to the qualification. The best way to do that is repetition. Yeah, the old Roman said, "Repetition is the mother of learning."
Peter Balogh | 55:48
No. Yes.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 55:53
Yes.
Okay, I will.
Peter Balogh | 55:55
Okay, super, thank you very much.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 55:56
I'm going to look after my wife, after my dog, and after my beer.
Peter Balogh | 55:57
Oliver, please do that.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 56:01
Now, see?
Peter Balogh | 56:03
Enjoy the evening. See you, thank you.
oliver@oliverlehmann.com | 56:06
Have a great Sunday. Bye. Bye by.
Peter Balogh | 56:08
You too. Bye.
